Eripe animam.
Flere sanguine venire
Ad me. et ponam
Te in somnum.
Can't get pretty sleep
without looking pretty. tricia.
Now wait your turn
and i'll make you pretty. too.
I cast a duplicity spell around
the perimeter of the property.
From now on. anyone searching
for the mill house will
Find themselves on
a path leading away
From the mill house.
This place is safe now. zed.
That's what i thought before.
but they still found me.
And who are they?
Look. you kept your cards
close about your past
And i chose not to push.
but i am pushing now.
They call themselves
the resurrection crusade.
And what do they want with you?
They're fanatics.
Completely bent on their
leader's vision of the future.
And-and he... the-the leader?
He believes i'm
crucial to the vision.
So you found yourself in the
crosshairs of a delusional cult.
In their minds. they're...
They're much more.
And i need to disappear.
And this time
i need to stay gone.
If you need to disappear...
Best place to do it is here.
All the protections you've
used... they're not enough.
He'll never stop
searching for me.
You're yet to flinch in the face
Of the underworld.
Why are you so afraid of a man
From this one?
Because he's my father.
Well. i don't care
if he's the heavenly
Bloody father. luv.
he ain't getting past me.
Why do you want to help me?
Why do you believe me?
I survive on instinct.
Mine tells me that
you're all right.
It doesn't hurt that you're
easy on the eyes. as well.
Wish i could say the same.
Oh. thanks.
Hey. john.
The scry map...
it's bleeding again.
Painting the big apple red.
It's chas's
weekend with his daughter.
He's on his way to
brooklyn right now.
I'll book our flights.
¶ baby. take my hand ¶
¶ don't fear the reaper ¶
¶ we'll be able to fly ¶
¶ baby. i'm your man... ¶
Hey. you wearing
that blue teddy i like?
You like the way
it looks on me?
No. renee.
I like the way
it looks on the floor.
Geraldine's waiting
for you to tuck her in.
Mm.
I'm next in line.
When are you coming home?
Right now. baby.
Let's get out of here. luv.
All right. that's lovely.
Hey. chas.
Chas. chas.
i've got to go.
I've got a bird.
So pick up the tab. yeah?
I picked up the last tab
and the one before that.
Yeah. but i'll get
the next. um... Two. Three.
Go. Go.
Listen. just
give me a second.
One second.
Uh...
Are you sure
you're all right to drive?
Yeah. i'm-i'm fine.
You're a liar.
Oh. good.
thank you. Yeah.
Now you're okay.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Lillian axe!
The pyrotechnics
are causing a fire!
Fire!
Come on. back up!
Clear out!
There's too many bodies
blocking the door!
Look out.
¶ don't fear the reaper... ¶
It's already hit
the local news. Look.
About a dozen people in brooklyn
Have fallen into
unexplained comas.
As the rising darkness grows.
so will its targets.
Brooklyn will be
just the beginning.
I thought you were packing
light. only the essentials.
Which is what it is.
This belonged
to aleister crowley.
When i haven't a clue
where to begin on a case.
Helps me know where to start.
Whoa.
What is this?
My-my hand's numb.
Chas's favorite trick...
Sinew from achilles' heel.
Impervious to magic.
Highest tinsel strength
on this world or any other.
I thought achilles' heel
was weak.
Well. now you know why.
Let's go.
She stayed up
as long as she could.
Well. i-i bought this for her.
I'm gonna go see if she's awake.
I carried her up an hour ago.
You could've at least
let me tuck her in.
You complain that you never
get to see your daughter.
But then you're late
every weekend
You have custody. francis.
I've nicely asked you
not to call me that. renee.
Why are you late?
Sweetie. you awake?
Renee!
Geraldine. baby.
Still no answer.
What did chas say
in his message?
Everything he had to.
That he needs us here.
Came as fast we could. mate.
So. what's the story?
You're the only one
i'd trust with her. john.
Well. whatever this is. mate.
we're in it with you. all right?
So...
You want to tell us
what happened?
I found her on the floor
bleeding. We raced here.
I saw six other patients
with the same symptoms.
They're calling it a coma.
but this isn't like any coma
I've ever seen.
She's my daughter.
i should...
Should've been
here for her.
There's no way
You could've known she
was in trouble. chas.
Her lips are chapped.
Celestial burn marks.
Left behind
when a soul departs.
This is just geraldine's body?
Alive and breathing.
which is the good news.
And the bad?
Well...
If her soul is being used
for a dark purpose. then
She doesn't have long...
a day or two at most.
How can you separate
a soul from a body?
You don't.
It's the. uh. holy grail
of black magic.
Many a mortal have
tried and failed.
Promise me you'll do whatever
it takes to get her back. john.
You promise me that you'll
do everything i tell you.
Thank you.
All right. big man.
I have an old friend
who used to be a medium.
He can contact geraldine.
Hopefully she can tell us
where she is.
I just need. uh. one of her
personal belongings.
It's okay. sweetheart.
She's in good hands.
Yeah.
What's he doing here?
John's here for support.
Hello. renee.
I'm zed.
Piece of advice?
Whichever way he goes
out that door. you go the other.
We'll be right outside.
Tell me the truth.
Why is he here?
'cause he'll do whatever
it takes to save geraldine.
What. like he saved
that girl in newcastle?
I don't know why you
follow him around
So blindly. but keep him
away from our daughter.
Daddy.
Chas?
Oh. my god. chas. you're...
I thought
i was never gonna see you again.
But i've been right here. daddy.
God. they told us
that you were dead
When they pulled you
out of that fire.
I was helping a girl escape.
I should be dead.
Oh. you're alive now.
That's all that matters.
This is the medium's place?
You got friends in
low places. john.
Come on.
Cattle prod?
What? I've always
wanted one.
Really?
What kind of medium works
at an army surplus store?
A paranoid one.
Hello. fennel.
Told you.
Get your ass out of my store.
I thought you were friends.
Apparently. one of us
has forgotten.
A girl's soul has been stolen.
We need you
To help us contact her.
You walked in here
with a liar and a thief.
You can ask all you want.
I'll never help
john constantine.
We're not asking.
Take it this is where
the good stuff's kept.
You do this right.
i'll be in your debt.
And that's no small fee.
I can get you some clean water.
It's from the river jordan.
Acts like a lubricant
for communication.
I give you the signal.
you give me the doll.
It's your show. mate.
She's with us now.
Don't break the connection.
Geraldine.
i'm gonna get you back.
You just hold on. baby.
Daddy. what's happening?
It's your uncle john. luv.
Is there anyone with you?
No. i'm alone. I'm scared.
It's all right. sweetheart.
Now. i need you to look around.
Tell me what you see.
I see... I see...
Who dares speak
to one of my stolen souls?
Where'd she go?!
What's happening?!
Someone's taken
control of fennel.
And it certainly
isn't geraldine.
Oh. is that you.
john constantine?
It's been a long time.
Identify yourself.
Face me like a real man.
Not with your hand up another's
ass like a bloody puppet.
It's more than you can do.
I'm sorry
I don't have time
to waste on your likes.
Tell me who you are.
You've been warned. constantine.
Et stabit de domino
Vestro. aliquis.
Et stabit de domino vestro.
Audite vocem meam.
Our séance was hijacked
by another mage.
He used a powerful spell.
Turned fennel into
a bloody crisp.
He said your name.
He knew you.
Yes. admittedly.
not a good thing.
But he did say it
had been a long time.
And all we've done is waste
ours. You made me a promise.
It's a promise that
i aim to keep. chas.
We're one step closer
To finding the man that's
holding your daughter hostage.
Only five books
contain this spell.
Each scattered across the
globe by an irish high king.
Now. if we can find the
location of the nearest book...
We find geraldine.
Exactly.
Let me hold the spell.
Where are you?
Dusty rail yard
or... Laboratory.
Um. i'm not sure.
I see cauldrons
And books and a train car.
Look for a sign.
a placard.
Anything that can
give you a name.
"haskins railroad yard."
Do you see geraldine?
No.
It looks like i'm all alone.
Here.
Let me look at that.
Someone out there has more power
than i care to chance upon.
Tell me what happened.
There was a swirling vapor
That drifted past me.
When i turned around.
There was a man in a cloak.
And he lunged at me
with a knife.
Cauldrons and books.
cloaks and daggers.
Could be some sort of
alchemist or a mage gone mad.
What did he look like?
Describe him to me.
Easy. chas. Just
let her breathe.
Don't tell me easy.
I want to know what the man
who has my daughter looks like.
Let's go and see for ourselves.
shall we?
Haskins railroad yard. you say?
Yeah.
All right. then.
Let's check it out.
According to the phone
book. this is the address.
I called the transit authority.
They said haskins railroad yard
was shut down years ago.
More dead ends.
more wasted time.
I've heard it said that nine-
tenths of reality is perception.
And in my trade.
it's eleven-tenths.
Ah. you see?
If a mage can't completely
change your idea of what's real.
Well. then...
The trick don't work.
Where'd it go?
Five elements of the earth.
i respect and invoke thee.
From the six directions.
converge here.
Lift all concealments.
reveal thy truth.
It was invisible.
By way of a cloaking spell.
and an elementary one at that.
But whatever taking
up residence here
Certainly harbors a dark side.
They haven't met mine.
I had a feeling you'd come.
I think i even hoped you would.
What have you done
with the girl's soul?
You'll have to be more specific.
My hearing isn't
what it used to be.
Zed.
Meet felix faust.
Lifetime apprentice
and second fiddle
To the greatest black magicians
Of his generation.
Second fiddle indeed.
constantine.
The mages played the melody.
but i wrote the concerto.
They built their legends
on my shoulders.
Spin your tune
Someplace else. felix. and
point me to your master.
This is my doing.
no one else's.
I spent a lifetime
serving others.
Now i serve only myself.
He's telling the truth. john.
He's a geriatric spell caster.
Chasing a prime that never was.
I alone discovered
How to separate soul from body.
And those souls
have given me more power
Than any magician
of the modern age.
One of those souls
belongs to my daughter.
I'm taking
it back!
No!
That's enough. faust!
I said. that's enough!
You tell me...
What do you want?
I want you to serve me.
A malignant demon
named karabasan is
Preying on my victims.
Siphoning powers
that belong to me.
I see no reason to endanger
myself when i have you
At my beckoning.
Cast the parasite to hell.
And i'll free the girl.
Is he lying. john?
One talented
And honorable mage
would never lie to another.
In the name of dedi
of djed-sneferu. He who endures.
Where is the demonic
bottom-feeder dwelling?
In an abandoned warehouse
In red hook.
And for the sake of
his daughter. i suggest
You find him...
Before he finds you.
Why are we leaving?
If a magician dies.
his spells are broken.
Let's kill him.
You felt what he can do with
those souls in his pocket.
We play his game until
we can find an advantage.
Since when do you run
from felix faust?
The last time we saw him.
you were taking his gin money
In a hell's kitchen poker game.
Now he's bloody
stronger than me.
That's the problem with
the rising darkness.
Even a relic like faust can
become lethal overnight.
We'll keep doing
all we can. chas.
What we're doing isn't enough.
She doesn't have much time.
You promised me. john.
And you promised me
You'd do exactly as i said.
You know. when
you attacked faust.
You're lucky that he didn't
Snuff out geraldine's
soul in spite.
That old man finally
has the power
That he's always yearned for.
He's vicious and impulsive.
and the only way
To kill him is to get
inside his defenses.
And until we do that. we bide
our time and we do as he says.
Now. go to the hospital.
Be with renee.
You can't ask chas to leave now.
Oh. can't i?
We already left behind
one dead body.
Didn't deserve what he got.
We need clear heads.
You go or i go.
I know that man better
than i know myself.
He's a bloody powder keg.
We don't want to be
Anywhere near him when he blows.
Karabasan's a nasty bugger.
Preys on sleeping victims.
paralyzing their bodies
As it dines on their innards
and sucks their life away.
Felix's coma victims
Are a meal ready to eat.
Won't banishing karabasan
Only make faust stronger?
For the short term. yes.
but it keeps geraldine alive.
Gives us a chance
to figure out a plan.
We need the scourge held
in the circle long enough
So i can order it to hell.
When karabasan enters.
We'll retreat
behind this circle line.
When he steps inside...
The only place
he's going is down.
¶ ¶
We can't play hide-and-seek
with it in here.
It's a bloody labyrinth.
Then we'll make it come to us.
I saw that.
Bloody tragedy.
Horseshoes up our
asses. you and i.
How lucky were we to
leave when we did?
I didn't leave.
I was there
when that building burned down.
Says there that 47 victims
were pulled from the rubble.
And i'm telling you
there were 48.
I had burns. injuries.
broken bones.
All healed.
Overnight.
Something isn't right. john.
It bloody worked.
What bloody worked?
The protection spell
i cast on you at the bar.
You were drunk and mumbling.
That wasn't magic.
That was... Pathetic.
No. you don't understand.
That spell is a myth.
A legend.
Merlin created it and cast it
at the behest of king arthur.
If any knight of the round
table under that spell
Was killed in the company
of lesser knights.
He would absorb all the lives
of those around him.
So what are you saying?
That the spell not
only saved your life.
But you gained all the lives of
those lost in the fire as well.
You're saying i can't die?
No. on the contrary.
you most certainly can die.
47 times. to be precise.
You're sure you want to do this?
Yeah.
We either fight him
on his ground or ours.
Besides. i'm not the only one
who's risking my life here.
Chas has risked
much more for me.
Failing my best friend.
that would ruin me.
But failing you.
that ruins us both.
Then don't screw up.
The spell will put you to sleep
straightaway.
Karabasan will feel it.
When he enters the circle.
I'll break the spell.
you roll out of the trap.
And i'll light it.
You better.
Molles somnos. somno iam.
Come on.
Nunc igitur consurge consurge.
Sweet dreams. you ugly bastard.
Clear the way.
Coming through. people.
Coming through.
It's getting worse. john.
Tell me something i don't know.
It's done. chas.
We're heading back to faust.
We could use you as backup.
Let's do it.
Wait. faust? That's the man
that has my daughter's soul.
Isn't it?
I'm coming with you.
Not a good idea.
Listen to him. renee. Please.
I have listened
To him. For years.
Tall tales of john constantine.
I listened to him
Until it tore us apart.
I'm coming with you.
Deal with this.
will you. chas?
This is my family.
Mine.
I'll be outside.
You're right. It is.
But you know what?
You-you got to be here
For when your daughter wakes up.
Okay? I'll stay
here with you.
Please.
Bring her back.
She's all i have.
I put your sleep demon to bed.
A deal is a deal.
Let's have the
girl's soul. faust.
Yes. i felt the power return.
But our deal was
to banish the beast
To hell... you destroyed it
by energy dispersion.
The deal was that demon
for my daughter's soul.
I'm changing the terms
of our agreement.
John...
No.
All those people wasting away
By your hand as
life passes them by.
That is not the legacy
you want. felix.
And what would you know
of legacy?
A boastful. smutty.
infantile boy.
You create magic
by accident and insolence.
While the truly devoted
sweat and toil with no reward.
You'll never know my magic.
constantine.
You will know my pain.
What's the new price. faust?
We already paid his price.
And you'll pay it again
or say good-bye to your daughter
Forever.
We are here. The man
who has my daughter is here.
We act now.
And what would you have me do?
A trick. A con.
Cast a spell. Pull something out
of your ass like you always do.
Open your eyes.
will you?
Faust is still holding
all the cards here.
We can't do this forever.
My daughter
does not have forever.
And she doesn't have
many chances left.
But her best one
still lies with me.
You've had your chance.
And with my daughter's life
at stake. you failed.
I've watched other people
suffer the consequences
Of your action.
but this is my family.
So i'm gonna do things
my way. not yours.
Yeah? And how would you plan
to do that?
My family's suffered enough
because of you.
Happy birthday. sweetie.
I got you your favorite.
mint chocolate chip.
I'm sorry i was late.
You weren't late.
You missed it.
I-i know
this sounds crazy.
But i had to help john
to slay the monkey king.
It tried to eviscerate
an entire family.
I saved the kids' lives. but i
had to sacrifice one of my own.
Caring for another family.
it's...
Admirable. chas.
But what about ours?
This is consuming your life.
And it is poisoning ours.
47 lives cut short
and the balance left on mine.
It is my duty
to make them count.
The only duty that you have
is to us.
I deserve a husband.
Your daughter deserves
A father.
You need to start caring
about your own family.
While you still have one.
Looking for better company?
I know what it is
to toil beneath lesser men.
Have you come to curry favor
with a better one?
I can give you 32 souls
In exchange for my daughter's.
Intriguing.
However. you're mortal
Like me. with only one soul
to offer.
Her name is geraldine.
And i'm telling
you. on her life.
I'm carrying 32 souls
inside this chassis.
The only thing i see...
Is a desperate.
pathetic man
Lying to save his daughter.
Now i'm going to take your soul.
Not so fast.
There's one thing
I lied about:
After this.
I'll only have 31
souls left to offer.
The number of coma cases
is still spreading in brooklyn.
Prompting mayor bill de blasio
to declare
New york a public health
emergency.
More details coming up
in our next report at 11:00.
Her doctor said her
body's shutting down.
I was home when it happened.
I didn't protect her.
There's nothing
you could've done.
I know everything isn't roses
between you and chas.
But if he were here.
he'd say the same.
Of course.
Chas is considerate to a fault.
Things aren't roses
between chas and me.
But we always had her.
She knows you're here with her.
I'm a... A born psychic.
I can feel part of her
here with us.
Wait. can you
communicate with her?
If i could just
talk to geraldine.
let her know that i'm here.
She must be so scared.
I'll give it a shot.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Mommy?
Is that you?
Geraldine.
Geraldine. i'm right here. baby.
Ow!
Zed.
Zed!
Zed. snap out...
Snap out of it.
We need a doctor in here!
Zed!
Make way. make way.
It's okay.
Easy. now. easy.
Can you hear me?
We're here to help.
Tell me what's going on.
Get dr. Shin
in here. stat.
A man of your word. indeed.
I wish that were true.
If you willingly commit 31 souls
to me. including your own.
I agree to free
your daughter's soul
And return it forthwith
to her body.
Where it shall remain
safely until her natural death.
Done.
The blood oath is for mages.
I'll settle for a handshake.
Chas!
Don't do it.
If you surrender those souls
And yours. you will die.
No!
I'm changing the terms
of our agreement.
What have you done?
We both die today
And only one of us
is coming back.
Clear out. john!
Happy to do it your way. mate.
Chas!
Renee?
What are you doing?
Saving our daughter.
Run!
Get down!
Oh. my... Oh. my god.
Oh. my god! Oh. my god!
You're all right. luv.
You're all right.
No. i'm not all right!
It's not okay!
Did you see
what just happened to him?
Many times. luv.
Many times.
This is what your husband does.
This is who he does.
Because of you!
It's because of you!
No!
Sorry you had to see that.
Chas's line of work is messy.
So's yours.
Is it painful for chas?
Excruciating.
Uh. so how long does this take?
For him to-to return?
Well. it depends
on how violent the death.
There's always a cost.
You're learning.
Now. look. for what it's worth.
I never meant
to get between you and chas.
If i could go back
and change it all.
I would.
But it's not in the cards.
and because of it. he's alive.
So are a lot of other people.
Including your daughter.
She'll be waking up soon.
You should go be with her.
Renee says
i've broken her trust.
She's gonna leave me. john.
I won't let geraldine grow up
without a father.
You have to reverse this spell.
Fix this.
I'm really sorry.
mate. but i can't.
I've been trying for days.
I can't live like this.
Yes. you can.
You can shoulder this burden.
Let it consume you from within.
Or you can wield it as you have.
A weapon against evil
by my side.
Whichever way you choose. mate.
I'm with you
every step of the way.
Oh. my god!
You're alive.
You knew i would be.
Yeah. but seeing and knowing
are two different things.
She's upstairs.
Waiting for you.
Thank you.
Daddy.
Hi. sweetheart.
Mommy said you would be here
In the morning.
but i didn't believe her.
I'm not always here for
my weekends with you.
But i always try. baby.
Is that for me?
Mm-hmm.
I love it.
Thank you.
Now we match.
I got something for you. too.
Are you going
to tell me a story?
I'm gonna tell you a few.
I want to introduce you
to some friends of mine.
I carry them with me every day.
Who's that?
That is susan smith.
She was a nurse.
And a mother.
She had two little
girls just your age.
What happened to me?
You blew a fuse. luv.
You know. it's not safe to bare
your soul to the spirit world.
It takes years of training.
So why the bloody
hell did you do it.
You silly sod?
A little girl was...
At the mercy of a mad man.
You're opening up.
That's great.
Just. uh. don't
open so soon. yeah?
Whatever you say. john.
One more thing.
About your mother.
What about my mother?
She said her death
wasn't your fault.
You saw my mother.
Zed?